Blazor Pre6 Sweep 1 (#13070)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/hosting-models.md

To create a Blazor app using the client-side hosting model, use either of the following templates:

* **Blazor (client-side)** ([dotnet new blazor](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-new)) &ndash; Deployed as a set of static files.
* **Blazor (ASP.NET Core Hosted)** ([dotnet new blazorhosted](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-new)) &ndash; Hosted by an ASP.NET Core server. The ASP.NET Core app serves the Blazor app to clients. The Blazor client-side app can interact with the server over the network using web API calls or [SignalR](xref:signalr/introduction).

The templates include the *blazor.webassembly.js* script that handles:

* Downloading the .NET runtime, the app, and the app's dependencies.
* Initialization of the runtime to run the app.

The client-side hosting model offers several benefits:

* There's no .NET server-side dependency. The app is fully functioning after downloaded to the client.
* Client resources and capabilities are fully leveraged.
* Work is offloaded from the server to the client.

> * An ASP.NET Core server isn't required to serve the app. Serverless deployment scenarios are possible (for example, serving the app from a CDN).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An ASP.NET Core web server isn't required to host the app. Serverless deployment scenarios are possible (for example, serving the app from a CDN).
```
